SEP-0010: Revert home domain verification and relax manage data operation constraints (v2.1.0) (#740)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0010.md

Author: Sergey Nebolsin <sergey@mobius.network>, Tom Quisel <tom.quisel@gmail.com>, Leigh McCulloch <@leighmcculloch>, Jake Urban <jake@stellar.org>
Status: Active
Created: 2018-07-31

> Updated: 2020-??-??

Reviewer: I'd just mark it as today. This field has always been funny to be since this doc lives on github.

1. The client obtains a unique [`challenge`](#challenge), which is represented as specially formed Stellar transaction
1. The client verifies that the transaction has an invalid sequence number 0.  This is extremely important to ensure the transaction isn't malicious.
1. The client verifies that the transaction is signed by the `SIGNING_KEY` specified by the requested service's [SEP-1 stellar.toml](sep-0001.md).

> 1. The client verifies that the transaction has a single Manage Data operation containing the user's account and a nonce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The client verifies that the transaction has a single Manage Data operation with its source account set to the user's account. The the operation must also contain a nonce value.
```

> 1. The client verifies that the transaction has a single Manage Data operation with its source account set to the user's account and value set to a nonce value.

Reviewer 2: Should we make it explicit that the client should **not** validate the contents of the `key` param? I want to avoid any confusion, since later on in the spec we give more strict instructions for the server-side implementation.

Author: We could make it more explicit, but I also think we are being sufficiently explicit that the home domain is no longer included in what should be verified. This returns the specification back to essentially what it said prior to this change. Let me know if you feel strongly about this, or can you make a suggestion for how to reword this?

Author: What do you think of this?
```suggestion
1. The client verifies that the transaction has a single Manage Data operation with its source account set to the user's account and value set to a nonce value. The client ignores the home domain included.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good!

> 1. The client verifies that if the transaction has other Manage Data operations they all contain the server's account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The client verifies that if the transaction has other Manage Data operations they all have their source accounts set to the the server's account.
```

  * source account set to server's signing account
  * invalid sequence number (set to 0) so the transaction cannot be run on the Stellar network
  * time bounds: `{min: now(), max: now() + 900 }` (we recommend expiration of 15 minutes to give user time to sign transaction)
  * operations:

>     * `manage_data(source: client_account, key: '<home domain> auth', value: random_nonce())`

Reviewer 2: I don't feel strongly about this one, but should we remove the spec for what's in the `key` altogether now? I guess it doesn't hurt, but it's also not necessary.

Author: I think we should defer the decision of what to do with home domain field in general and separate it from the much smaller change we're making now to stop requiring it be verified. It's the path to the most compatibility since a server that stops populating it and who was successfully integrated with a client who was verifying it will sudennly see their auth fail.

* verify that transaction source account is equal to the server's signing key;
* verify that transaction has time bounds set, and that current time is between the minimum and maximum bounds;
* verify that transaction contains a single [Manage Data](https://www.stellar.org/developers/guides/concepts/list-of-operations.html#manage-data) operation that:

>   * has a non-null source account

Reviewer 2: Same point as above, about being explicit about what shouldn't be validated.

Author: I think if we add this statement we can leave this section as is: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/740#discussion_r502068312

Also FYI this section is actually what the server must do to validate the challenge transaction passed back.
